README.md, before:

# android-group-project

## Contributors
- Blake Bennett: https://github.com/bben6087
- Nolan Harless: https://github.com/NolanHarless
- Vinny Sorrentino: https://github.com/VinnySorrentino


## StudySesh
- This is the name of our android app


## Supported Devices
- Any android device using (API 23: Android 6.0 Marshmellow) and above.


## Describe the problem/issue your app is going to address.

With this app we hope to provide students a way to set up study sessions with fellow classmates, aslo provide them a way to see other students in the same class as them, hopfully it would encourage more students to group study and inturn learn the subject better.


## The app will have
Messaging: users can message other students in thier calss in order to set up study sessions 

An Events page showing the (Time-Date_Location_Description) this will aslo be where students schedule study sessions with other students 

And the calender page will display what clases you are in as well as letting others to see what classes you are in.


## Risky Components 

Database - there is some diffficulty with the amount of data we have to handle

Calendar - We are unsure on how to implent this yet 

Messaging - It would be difficult to create because we are unsure how to and it would require the use of an API


## Sources 
- https://stackoverflow.com/ ( We have used Stack Overflow to answer questions about errors.)
- Dr. Hoots Notes (We have used these as a reference for many of our used functions like the recycler view.)
- https://www.back4app.com/ (We are using Back4App as our database.)
- https://www.back4app.com/docs/android/parse-android-sdk (How to install Parse SDK documentation.)
- https://www.back4app.com/docs/android/parse-objects/crud (How to add and get data to manipulate the database documentation.)

Commit message:

Created simple and easy to follow steps on how to build and run the android app.

README.md, after:

# android-group-project

## Contributors
- Blake Bennett: https://github.com/bben6087
- Nolan Harless: https://github.com/NolanHarless
- Vinny Sorrentino: https://github.com/VinnySorrentino


## StudySesh
- This is the name of our android app

## Instructions for Building and Running
1. Clone or fork the repo down to your local machine
2. Open up android studio and access the file you cloned locally
3. Run an Android Virtual Machine emulator to start the app
4. Create an account by clicking the sign in button when you first run the app
5. Once you have an account you can login through the login page
6. Once logged in you will come to the Classes page where you can add courses you are currently in.
7. You are able to click on the courses you have added and it will take you to that specific course page
8. From the course page you can access your calendar and messenger
9. If you have adjustments and/or want to contribute to our app please fork and make a merge request!
10. Thank you for testing and using our app!


## Supported Devices
- Any android device using (API 23: Android 6.0 Marshmellow) and above.


## Describe the problem/issue your app is going to address.

With this app we hope to provide students a way to set up study sessions with fellow classmates, aslo provide them a way to see other students in the same class as them, hopfully it would encourage more students to group study and inturn learn the subject better.


## The app will have
Messaging: users can message other students in thier calss in order to set up study sessions 

An Events page showing the (Time-Date_Location_Description) this will aslo be where students schedule study sessions with other students 

And the calender page will display what clases you are in as well as letting others to see what classes you are in.


## Risky Components 

Database - there is some diffficulty with the amount of data we have to handle

Calendar - We are unsure on how to implent this yet 

Messaging - It would be difficult to create because we are unsure how to and it would require the use of an API


## Sources 
- https://stackoverflow.com/ ( We have used Stack Overflow to answer questions about errors.)
- Dr. Hoots Notes (We have used these as a reference for many of our used functions like the recycler view.)
- https://www.back4app.com/ (We are using Back4App as our database.)
- https://www.back4app.com/docs/android/parse-android-sdk (How to install Parse SDK documentation.)
- https://www.back4app.com/docs/android/parse-objects/crud (How to add and get data to manipulate the database documentation.)
